README.md, before:

# Simple-TODO-List
This is a very simple TODO list includes add list item, delete list item and important marking options.

### To operate with this TODO list:

    1. To add new list item, write the list name in the "enter tast ..." search bar below the "Add" button.
    
    2. To check off any item, click on the green colored tick mark.

    3. To remove any item, click on the red colored 'x' button which is checked off. You can't remove any item which is not checked off.

![TODO List](https://d3c33hcgiwev3.cloudfront.net/imageAssetProxy.v1/-WrTbAAPSSaq02wAD7kmuQ_571ba4526ade4408bdcef4cd0406728e_todoList1and2.png?expiry=1687219200000&hmac=JNU1S2fdvIIgFfeMZGN0hwDHMn_UI3TDBDio2kHX3NE)

If you click on the "About" button, you can see the author name. To disappear this, click on the "Clear" button.

![TODO List](https://d3c33hcgiwev3.cloudfront.net/imageAssetProxy.v1/4CSBUFEhTHGkgVBRIfxxkw_9c640188815f46d59250dbfa4360c21b_todoListWithAuthorFixed.png?expiry=1687219200000&hmac=xCY3JV7ZvHcyL0J-KCt417uP9_CRUC89Pcej3zhajs4)

You can also mark an item as important by clicking "!" (important) button.

![TODO List](https://d3c33hcgiwev3.cloudfront.net/imageAssetProxy.v1/PowYUC0aRtyMGFAtGpbcgg_61076d8ff0004436a88e8fdb1657efbd_todoListImportantButtonBlueClickedFinished.png?expiry=1687219200000&hmac=vJp9HLxCDomO0RYdSoT2XwO4u_Uq1GQvvta9ualLqLk)

Commit message:

Added git clone text to README.md file

README.md, after:

# Simple-TODO-List
This is a very simple TODO list includes add list item, delete list item and important marking options.

### To Run this project
Clone this repository to you local machine and run the index.html file from the "Simple-TODO-List" folder to any browser.

    git clone https://github.com/Mahbub-Hossain-Durjoy/Simple-TODO-List.git

### To operate with this TODO list:

    1. To add new list item, write the list name in the "enter tast ..." search bar below the "Add" button.
    
    2. To check off any item, click on the green colored tick mark.

    3. To remove any item, click on the red colored 'x' button which is checked off. You can't remove any item which is not checked off.

![TODO List](https://d3c33hcgiwev3.cloudfront.net/imageAssetProxy.v1/-WrTbAAPSSaq02wAD7kmuQ_571ba4526ade4408bdcef4cd0406728e_todoList1and2.png?expiry=1687219200000&hmac=JNU1S2fdvIIgFfeMZGN0hwDHMn_UI3TDBDio2kHX3NE)

If you click on the "About" button, you can see the author name. To disappear this, click on the "Clear" button.

![TODO List](https://d3c33hcgiwev3.cloudfront.net/imageAssetProxy.v1/4CSBUFEhTHGkgVBRIfxxkw_9c640188815f46d59250dbfa4360c21b_todoListWithAuthorFixed.png?expiry=1687219200000&hmac=xCY3JV7ZvHcyL0J-KCt417uP9_CRUC89Pcej3zhajs4)

You can also mark an item as important by clicking "!" (important) button.

![TODO List](https://d3c33hcgiwev3.cloudfront.net/imageAssetProxy.v1/PowYUC0aRtyMGFAtGpbcgg_61076d8ff0004436a88e8fdb1657efbd_todoListImportantButtonBlueClickedFinished.png?expiry=1687219200000&hmac=vJp9HLxCDomO0RYdSoT2XwO4u_Uq1GQvvta9ualLqLk)
